wewewsecond

After that, I was admitted to the ABKO English Academy in September 2023 to prepare for my IELTS Exam. I have appeared for the IELTS exam (Academic) on 04 Dec 2023 and scored an overall band score of 6.5. Individual module scores are as follows: Listening – 6.0, Reading - 7.0, Writing - 6.0, Speaking – 6.0. I consider myself comfortable in using the English language and have friends abroad, with whom I regularly engage in telephonic conversations in English language.

IT Industry. This course will help me in applying my skills. I acquire knowledge in the booming information services industry in Ireland. I would be returning to my country with effective skills, which include problem solving, decision making, effective communication and leadership.  Then i have listed down the points that helped me in coming to the decision of choosing Ireland over other countries across the globe. Ireland has one of the best education systems in Europe. The quality of the Irish education system is a major contributing factor to the IT industry, which Ireland has experienced over the last few decades. Irish higher education institutions are widely recognised for excellence in many disciplines. Ireland is the largest exporter of software in the world. The ever-increasing demands of this high technology economy have ensured that the higher education technological sector offers the highest and most advanced standards and opportunities available today. Ireland is an English-speaking country. Irish people are renowned for their friendliness and hospitality that greatly contributes to the ease with which overseas students adapt to student life in Ireland. Ireland is a safe country to study in.


Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. Instead of buying, owning, and maintaining physical data centers and servers, you can access technology services, such as computing power, storage, and databases, on an as-needed basis from a cloud provider like Amazon Web Services (AWS).


). With cloud computing, you don’t have to over-provision resources up front to handle peak levels of business activity in the future. Instead, you provision the amount of resources that you actually need. You can scale these resources up or down to instantly 
grow and shrink capacity as your business needs change


Ireland has the world's recognized education system  is known internationally for its advanced curriculum and well-experienced teaching faculties that help the student to meet the evolving industrial needs. It is intended to reach the varied needs of the industry that is growing and developing at a steady pace. Masters in Ireland provides opportunities to connect with world- renowned professionals and leaders and to collaborate with them. To solve uncertainty it also improves logical, critical thinking and risk assessment. Masters in Ireland offers quantitative and problem-solving skills for students and guarantees their ability to use the same in the work world .It expand your horizons beyond just the field of the course. Each taught program lasts from one to two years at a period. Students taking up taught programs will attend frequent workshops, lectures, and seminars much like their undergraduate degrees. Assessments are carried out by dissertations, programs, and evaluations. Ireland's Master program offers graduates promising careers and financial security.


. The university takes a holistic approach to education, personal development and time for relaxation allows students opportunities to grow and enhanced personal development. This university is the most student friendly college in Ireland. Career guidance and counseling are a specially where rest of the colleges. Indian students are majority in number for come courses. NCI is a specialist college and provides a range of undergraduate, postgraduate and higher diploma programmes through its School of Business, School of Computing and Centre for Education and Lifelong Learning. All qualifications are globally recognised, and you can be guaranteed exceptional quality and an excellent learning experience. NCI works closely with industry and professional bodies such as the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development, the Psychological Society of Ireland and others to ensure courses are closely aligned with industry needs. The College’s small group teaching model and friendly atmosphere mean students find NCI a very pleasant and supportive atmosphere to study in. Students prosper in an environment where they get to know lecturers, staff and their fellow students.